Add aggregator information to docs/index.md file (#36)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-equinix: docs/index.md

}
```

## Multi-Account Connections

You may create multiple equinix connections:

```hcl
connection "equinix_dev" {
  plugin    = "equinix"
  token     = "XV1KL4QXVHcCYoWT2wbr2NRdRTrZRx3K"
}

connection "equinix_qa" {
  plugin    = "equinix"
  token     = "XV1KL4QXVHcCYoWT2wbr2NRdRTrZRx3L"
}

connection "equinix_prod" {
  plugin    = "equinix"
  token     = "XV1KL4QXVHcCYoWT2wbr2NRdRTrZRx3M"
}
```

Each connection is implemented as a distinct [Postgres schema](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-schemas.html). As such, you can use qualified table names to query a specific connection:

```sql
select * from equinix_qa.equinix_metal_organization
```

> You can multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.
```

```hcl
connection "equinix_all" {
  plugin      = "equinix"
  type        = "aggregator"
  connections = ["equinix_dev", "equinix_qa", "equinix_prod"]
}
```

Querying tables from this connection will return results from the `equinix_dev`, `equinix_qa`, and `equinix_prod` connections:

```sql
select * from equinix_all.equinix_metal_organization
```

> Alternatively, can use an unqualified name and it will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphbetically, so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `equinix_all` comes before `equinix_dev`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use an unqualified name, which will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphabetically so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `equinix_all` comes before `equinix_dev`):
```
